for this we're going to be testing
whether the power supply is the reason
we have the yellow line of death as you
can see I've removed the power supply
which is this one we just check the fuse
on good now in order to test whether the
power supply itself is faulty somewhere
you're going to need a power supply out
of a computer this one is not powerful
enough which is why I have this other
one of in here but so you get the idea
and once you have a power supply you're
going to need to find and trace back all
these wires to the board now once you
trace them back to the board they should
be all labeled on the board like this
one here is the remote to turn it on
then we have negative 12 volt 5 volt so
on now you're also going to have to look
up the model of your power supply and
locate the pin out which are the voltage
is coming out of these pins here
now online I have four there was also
three and five
I found out I'll post a link on the
bottom then on this one I have five volt
ground ground five volt you don't need
to know the amps you just have to make
sure that whatever power supply you're
using puts out and nothing this 122 amps
so I figured that would be plenty and
then both these plugs that are plugged
into on the bottom our 12 volt and then
ground at least on this model I'm pretty
sure it's like that on all of them you
should double check and obviously you'll
have to know which one's positive and
which ones negative this yellow wire I
have here is the positive ID by and so
I've routed the wires back to the board
in here found out what values they are I
hooked them all up in different ports by
both ground ground and another five volt
here all leading to this
and then I have the other 12 volts and
the 12 volt ground - here now in order
for the power supply to turn on you're
going to have to trick it there is a PS
on or remote wire in here and it's going
to be located on this big clip I've
noticed that it's normally the fourth
one down and it'll be the only one of
its color and you have to attach it to a
ground which is normally located right
below and that's so that this power
supply its own fault or not and also
you're going to need to attach the power
supply to a load on the side so it's not
only flowering the PlayStation now I've
attached you here to some fans that I've
put on my playstation so when I plug it
in the power supply will also be running
three fans I have online so now they're
all hooked up and ready yeah plug it in
then we had our fans running all three
and we also have a red light now on the
PlayStation now if I turn it on and we
still have the yellow light then the
power supply is most likely good and
that it's actually the processor then
may need to be revolved and we still
have the old life so the power supply is
good but this is how you test whether it
isn't